README.md, before:

## README ##

# Installation

Dependencies:
node@18.13.0

# Usage

1. Add data to the "data.csv" file.
2. Run "npm install".
3. Execute program using "npm run ts-node-esm" in CLI.

# Problem Statement:

Given the problem statement 'Technical Assessment.pdf' in project.

# Approach:

1. Read from CSV file.  <br />
    1.1. Only alphabetic characters <br />
    1.2. Casing shouldn't matter. <br />
2. Group via gender (male/female). <br />
    2.1. No group should contain duplicates (i.e billy m and billy f)
3. Run the string match program against the 2 groups (male/female).  <br />
    3.1. Store result. Assuming storing the value is writing to the output.txt.
4. String match >80% should append ', good match'
5. Order from highest match to lowest, if identical match order by alphabetical.
6. Store logs (~~maybe~~).

# Technical notes:

1. String match program inputs and outputs:

String match program input string:
'${name1} matches ${name2}'

Output string (<80% match):
'${name1} matches ${name2} ${stringMatchPercentage}%'

Output string (>80% match):
'${name1} matches ${name2} ${stringMatchPercentage}%, good match'

2. Test string match program with random character input (Numbers,Symbols,Special Characters).  <br />
    2.1 Excluded data to be logged and saved to file (~~maybe~~).

3. Save additional performance logs to log file (maybe).

# Architectural notes:

data.csv    --(1)-->  app.ts  <--(2)--> match-string.ts
                        |
                       (3)
                        V
                    output.txt
                    logs.txt (maybe)

1. app.ts reads data.csv, and stores in memory.
2. app.ts passes data.csv (parsed data) to 'match-string.js', 'match-string.js' returns string match data to app.js.
3. app.ts writes to output.txt and logs.txt (~~maybe~~).

Commit message:

docs(README.md): document disclaimers.

README.md, after:

## README ##

# Installation

Dependencies:
node@18.13.0

# Usage

1. Add data to the "data.csv" file.
2. Run "npm install".
3. Execute program using "npm run ts-node-esm" in CLI.

# Problem Statement:

Given the problem statement 'Technical Assessment.pdf' in project.

# Approach:

1. Read from CSV file.  <br />
    1.1. Only alphabetic characters <br />
    1.2. Casing shouldn't matter. <br />
2. Group via gender (male/female). <br />
    2.1. No group should contain duplicates (i.e billy m and billy f)
3. Run the string match program against the 2 groups (male/female).  <br />
    3.1. Store result. Assuming storing the value is writing to the output.txt.
4. String match >80% should append ', good match'
5. Order from highest match to lowest, if identical match order by alphabetical.
6. Store logs (~~maybe~~).

# Technical notes:

1. String match program inputs and outputs:

String match program input string:
'${name1} matches ${name2}'

Output string (<80% match):
'${name1} matches ${name2} ${stringMatchPercentage}%'

Output string (>80% match):
'${name1} matches ${name2} ${stringMatchPercentage}%, good match'

2. Test string match program with random character input (Numbers,Symbols,Special Characters).  <br />
    2.1 Excluded data to be logged and saved to file (~~maybe~~).

3. ~~Save additional performance logs to log file (maybe).~~

# Architectural notes:

data.csv    --(1)-->  app.ts  <--(2)--> match-string.ts
                        |
                       (3)
                        V
                    output.txt
                    logs.txt (maybe)

1. app.ts reads data.csv, and stores in memory.
2. app.ts passes data.csv (parsed data) to 'match-string.js', 'match-string.js' returns string match data to app.js.
3. app.ts writes to output.txt and logs.txt (~~maybe~~).

# Disclaimers
1. 'app.ts' -> 'validateDataEntryForSpecialCharactersAndNumbers()' && 'validateDataForAlphabeticalCharactersOnly()'. <br />

As a v2 I would rework the way data is read from the file and validated, currently implementation is because I didn't want to only validate the data entry once I have already begun modifying it.

2. 'match-string.ts' -> 'reduceComparisonScoreToTwoDigits' <br />

As mentioned in the code comments, will need to reevaluate my implementation beyond this point.
Definitely ways of improving.

3. 'logging.service.ts' -> 'checkBufferSize()' <br />

Currently the buffer only writes logs when the message 'count' exceeds the 'batchSize'.
Impact: Some logs will never be written. i.e lost.
